BTA-3221 Ensure Auto_cancel/refund is enabled as default for all new clients (#26)
transferzero/api-documentation: _docs/quick-integration.md

You need to be sure that you can handle transactions where the payout has failed. For a generic guide please see [how you receive error messages]({{ "/docs/transaction-flow/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#receiving-error-messages) and [how you can cancel recipients and transactions]({{ "/docs/transaction-flow/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#cancelling-recipients-and-transactions). A more in-depth guide as available in our [error handling documentation]({{ "/docs/error-handling/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}).

> Note that by default we will cancel funded transactions without your request but [you can disable this feature if you'd like]({{ "/docs/additional-features/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#auto-cancellation-and-refund-of-transactions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that by default we will cancel funded transactions if we cannot pay them out within 24 hours, but [you can disable this feature if you'd like]({{ "/docs/additional-features/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#auto-cancellation-and-refund-of-transactions).
```
